Travelling Claims:
Reimbursement of Travelling Claims and Petrol Allowance:

Petrol allowance:
The mileage claim rate for motorcars is 
RM0.90 (inclusive of toll and parking expenses).

Mobile Phone Allowance:
The company provides mobile phone allowance: The Group provides a mobile phone allowance for confirmed professional employees only.
Employees can claim up to a maximum of RM50.00 per month.

Entertainment Claims:
For entertainment claims, only employees of job grade M1 and above are entitled to entertainment claims for Group business purposes.

Long Service Awards:
Rewarded for committed and loyal employees.
Periods of No Pay Leave shall not be counted towards the continuous
service period.

Recreational Membership Benefit: 
Core Team members are eligible for one of three types of memberships: Golf Club, Non-Golf Club, or Gym/Beauty.

Company trip subsidy: 
The Group encourages employees to attend company trips to build teamwork and bonding. 
Confirmed employees will be provided with assistance in the form of a financial subsidy or an interest-free loan for the trip, based on their job grade.

Examination Fees:
The Group supports the continuous development of employees and encourages them to pursue professional qualifications under the Group's employment.

Education Assistance Programme:
A confirmed employee who has completed at least two (2) years of
continuous service with the Group shall be eligible to apply for the EAP.
The limit of the EAP subsidy per employee per programme
shall be as follows: 
- Core Team: 40,000
- Non-core Team: 30,000

A maximum of two (2) EAP subsidy awards shall be awarded per calendar year.

Commitment Incentive:
A confirmed employees who does not utilise any of his medical leave and/or emergency leave entitlement within the relevant assessment
period shall be eligible for the following commitment incentive, provided
they have been punctual during the relevant assessment period:
- Medical Leave: RM300
- Emergency Leave: RM300
- Medical and Emergency Leave: RM1,000

The disbursement of the commitment incentive shall be paid within two (2) months immediately after the end of each assessment period.