Federal and State Public Holidays:
Employees are entitled to paid holidays on all gazetted Federal and State Public Holidays in their state.
If a public holiday falls on a Sunday, the next working day is a replacement holiday.
Employees can leave one and a half hours early on the eve of Chinese New Year, Hari Raya Puasa, Hari Raya Haji, Wesak Day, Deepavali, and Christmas Day.

Annual leave:
For rest, relaxation, and personal matters. Entitlements are calculated on a calendar year basis.

Annual Leave Entitlements per Calendar Year:
M3 and E1 and above are: 
1. Less than 2 years of service: 18 days.
2. Between 2-5 years of service: 18 days.
3. More than 5 years of service: 24 days. 

For E2 and below: 
Less than 2 years of service: 14 days
Between 2-5 years of service: 16 days
More than 5 years of service: 18 days.

A confirmed employee who has not completed a full year of service by December 31st will receive a proportionate amount of annual leave.

An employee who fails to take such leave at the end of each calendar year shall be allowed to carry forward a maximum of five (5) days of
such annual leave to the following year. 

All leaves carried forward mustbe consumed within the first three (3) months of the year to which it is carried forward otherwise it shall be forfeited.

An employee shall apply for his annual leave one (1) week in advance.
Where the application for leave is more than five (5) working days, employees shall apply for approval two (2) weeks in advance

Medical and hospitalisation leave:
Employees are entitled to paid medical leave based on the Employment Act, 1955.
Medical leave is granted with a recommendation from a Registered Medical Practitioner and a supporting medical certificate.
Paid Medical leave:
- Less 2 years of service = 14 days
- 2-5 years of service = 18 days
- More than 5 years = 22 days

Maternity leave:
-Female employees are entitled to a maximum of 60 consecutive days of maternity leave.
-Leave can be taken before and/or immediately after the day of delivery.
-Leave on account of miscarriage prior to the 28th week of pregnancy
shall not be considered as maternity leave but as normal medical leave.
- A female employee shall be entitled to paid maternity leave if:
    - She has worked for a continuous period of ninety (90) days
    during the nine (9) months period before the day of the confinement and;
    - She is an employee at any time during the four (4) months before
    the confinement.
- The maternity leave may be taken on, before and/or immediately after
the day of delivery.
- The employee shall apply for maternity leave not less than four (4)
weeks prior commencement of the intended maternity leave period.
- During the maternity leave, the employee shall be paid in the normal
manner.

Marriage leave:
Confirmed employees with at least one year of continuous service are entitled to three working days of paid marriage leave for their first legal marriage.

Paternity leave:
Confirmed male employees with at least one year of continuous service are entitled to two working days of paternity leave for the birth of every child to their first legal wife, up to five deliveries.
The employee shall be required to produce documentary evidence (eg. birth certificate) in support of his application.

Compassionate leave: 
Employees are eligible for two working days of compassionate leave for the death of a family member.
The maximum number of compassionate leave days shall not exceed six (6) days per annum.

Examination and study leave:
Employees are eligible for 3 working days of exam/study leave per subject for their first attempt while pursuing Group-approved courses.